Senior Fullstack Software Engineer

Join Pigment: Transforming Business Planning and Performance with AI  
 
Founded in 2019, Pigment stands out as one of the fastest-growing SaaS companies globally, redefining business planning and performance with our AI-powered platform. We empower organizations across diverse industries, including Consumer Packaged Goods, Retail, and Technology, to seamlessly integrate data, people, and processes, enabling them to plan and adapt rapidly.  
 
With a vibrant team of over 500 professionals across North America and Europe, and offices in Paris, London, New York, Toronto, San Francisco and Austin, Pigment has successfully secured nearly $400 million in funding from leading global venture capitalists. Our recognition as a Visionary in the 2024 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Financial Planning Software underscores our commitment to excellence, as we proudly partner with industry leaders like Unilever, Vinci, Kayak, Siemens, and Coca-Cola.  
 
At Pigment, we champion smart risks, celebrate bold ideas, and challenge the status quo—all as a united team. Every team member has the opportunity to make a significant impact and tackle ambitious challenges. Together, we pursue excellence with a collaborative spirit, continuously raising the bar to ensure strong performance and a proactive approach while fostering an environment of humility.  
 
If you are passionate about innovation and wish to collaborate with some of the brightest minds in the industry, we would love to hear from you!



🚀 The Opportunity:

As a Fullstack Software Engineer you’ll work on performance-critical systems that process and aggregate millions of records in real time, directly enabling our clients to make better, faster decisions. Your role will be mostly working on backend in C#, with some frontend in React. 

Here’s why this is an exciting opportunity:

✨ Work on the Core Engine: Contribute to the design and optimization of our proprietary formula and query engine.
⚙️ Solve Complex Problems: Tackle scalability and performance challenges across high-volume, real-time datasets.
🧠 Shape the Product: Collaborate closely with frontend engineers and product managers to deliver impactful features.
🚀 Own the Stack: Build and maintain backend services using modern technologies like .NET Core, PostgreSQL, React, and GCP.
📈 Drive Innovation: Influence architecture decisions, test new ideas, and continuously improve performance and reliability.
If you enjoy solving hard problems and building systems that scale, this is the perfect place to grow your career!

Our Engineering team

Our Engineering team is responsible for developing our SaaS platform and building a comprehensive and user-friendly product. 

Pigment engineers participate in the entire application development lifecycle, focusing on design, coding and keeping the production platform up and running. They can be specialized, but there is no strict separation between the backend and the frontend.

We value user-centricity and pragmatism: we choose the most relevant tools for the problem we have to solve, understanding the strengths and constraints of each technology.

Our engineering culture also values curiosity, humility, trust, ownership and team spirit.

Our technical stack is C# on .NET Core Linux, React, TypeScript, PostgreSQL, Google Cloud Platform, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, RabbitMQ and Circle CI.

Explore Our Tech Blog:
If you're curious about the kind of challenges our engineering team tackles, our culture and our organization,  we invite you to explore our Tech Blog! 


Who you are

More than knowledge of a specific language or framework, we are looking for great software engineering skills: ability to translate functional requirements into an elegant and simple design, and then deliver the code.

We are also looking for engineers who understand the product and the customer's needs in detail and can suggest innovative ideas: in the end, it's all about delivering value to end users.

In any case, you have:
- Proven experience designing object oriented software with languages such as C#, Java, C++, Golang, Rust, Python or Ruby (this list is not exhaustive).
- Proven experience with JavaScript, CSS and JavaScript libraries or frameworks such as React, Vue.js or Angular.
- Great team spirit with a problem-solving attitude.
- A good dose of humility and the willingness to grow (no matter your seniority!).
- A fluent level in English (French is not a must).

Folks from underrepresented minorities: science shows that you are less likely to apply if you feel that you don’t have all the necessary prerequisites. If this description matches where you are now or what you'd like to grow into in your next position, we encourage you to apply.


What you will get

- Competitive salary
- Equity
- The best health insurance with Alan Blue entirely free for you and your family 💙
- Trust and flexible working hours
- Brand new offices in the heart of Paris, London, New-York and Toronto

#LI_REMOTE


We conduct background checks as part of our hiring process, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations in the countries where we operate. This may include verification of employment history, education, and, where legally permitted, criminal records. Any checks will be conducted lawfully, with candidate consent, and information will be treated confidentially.
 
Pigment is an equal opportunity employer. We believe diversity is a strength and fosters innovation. We are committed to enabling everyone to feel included and valued at the workplace.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, family, gender identity, marital status, national origin, physical or mental disability,  sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, social origin, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. We may process your personal data in accordance with our HR Data Protection Notice.
